doc(recovery): add more info on recovery metrics and conf (#1345)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: md/fault-tolerance.md

[setup tool](BonitaBPM_platform_setup.md)

```properties

> # Retry mechanism: retry work when they fails because of an error that is transient

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Retry mechanism: retry the works when they fail because of an error that is transient
```

Configuration for the recovery is available in the `bonita-tenant-comunity-custom.properties` and can be updated using the
[setup tool](BonitaBPM_platform_setup.md)

The default values of those properties should work for everyone. If the recovery task takes more than a few minutes, 
you might want to change these values to run the recovery less often. Take a look at the metrics section to understand how
to measure that.

```properties
# Recovery Mechanism: recreate works when they are lost due to incidents
# All following configuration should work for everyone, it can be changed only to do performance tuning in limit-cases
# Avoid verifying elements recently modified, by default no elements updated during the last hour is considered (ISO-8601 duration format).
bonita.tenant.recover.consider_elements_older_than=PT1H
# Duration after the end of the previous execution before a new one is started. By default recovery runs every 2 hours (ISO-8601 duration format)
bonita.tenant.recover.delay_between_recovery=PT2H
```

> `bonita.tenant.recover.delay_between_recovery` is also the delay before the first recovery after the startup.

Reviewer: Does it mean the recovery does not start right away at platform startup?
2 hours can seem a lot then !

Author: We still restart elements at startup. It is not considered as the recovery mechanism.

As explained here: the recovery mechanism `recreate works when they are lost due to incidents`

That means we wait 2 hours before checking for works lost due to an incident that happened since the startup.

Author: To be more clear: 
* We restart all elements at startup, regardless of their "age"
* 2 hours later and then every 2 hours, we run the recovery mechanism that recover elements only "older" than 1 hour

Reviewer: > To be more clear:
> 
> * We restart all elements at startup, regardless of their "age"
> * 2 hours later and then every 2 hours, we run the recovery mechanism that recover elements only "older" than 1 hour

This part is much clearer that way. Can we include it in the doc like that? 👍🏼

Author: I've updated that is the description of the recovery mechanism

# TYPE bonita_bpmengine_recovery_execution_executions_total counter
bonita_bpmengine_recovery_execution_executions_total{tenant="1",} 818.0
```

> ### Troubleshooting

Reviewer: Is this section added empty?

> 
> 
> ### Troubleshooting
> 

Author: ```suggestion
```
